In the last lesson we wrote this new mutation to add the item to our cart which we are now tracking
inside of Apollo's local state.
Management we sent up our cart dropdown so that it's actually listening to these cart items.
And now we need to modify our collection items so that if fires off our new add item to cart query so
in order to do so we have to modify our collection item component so that it no longer uses redux and
instead uses our new function.
So how do we do this.
Well what we'll do is we have to keep in mind that this item has to get passed in as a function into
this function call so we just gotta make sure that when we pass it in as the actual mutation that that's
what will happen.
So we'll see what that looks like when we write it so let's just remove all of our redux bindings and
now what we'll do is we will create that new collection item container collection item dot container
digest X what we need to do is import in react from react.
So just important in all those things that we're so used to importing now we know we're writing a mutation.
So we've got to import mutation from reactive Paula and then we need to import in GQ El from Apollo
boost
we've got to import in our collection item component so that we can wrap it inside of our new mutation.
This mutation will be our add item to cart which is equal to GQ El with the mutation key of ADD item
to cart that should keep capitalized where our dollar item is an item type that must be their and we're
just going to call our add item to cart here passing our item in as the item getting it with our client
directive so nothing different here.
Now the actual component itself that we're writing is our collection item container and because we're
going to use it in the place of our actual collection item we have to keep in mind that the place where
it's using it is the collection preview component and it passes the item in as a property.
So if we do this we actually get the item in as a props but our collection is expecting that item because
it needs the name and the image you are L in order to show what it is inside of the HDMI out.
So we actually have to pass that down into the component and as we saw before when we did our collection
component sorry our collection container.
We had to pass in the variable that this specific query was expecting and our component for mutation
is the exact same way.
But we actually don't have to pass it in as a property here.
There is another way we can get it dynamically.
And let me show you that now.
So what we got to do is still pass our mutation add item to cart here except instead when we get our
add item to cart mutation and we pass it into our collection item what we'll do is we will spread those
these props in right that we're getting from our collection preview component including the item because
our collection item depends on this item prop.
We're also going to say that an item is equal to a function that gets the item and then it calls are
an item to cart which is our mutation except we're gonna do is present an object where the variables
key is equal to the item the object with item as the key and then item as the actual item.
Now what this does is it allows us to dynamically pass variables we no longer have to pass it in when
we instantiate the mutation.
Instead what we do is we use the actual mutation that we get back and we pass that an object with the
variables key and the actual item key that it's expecting.
So this is very similar to how we did it before when we did our collection component with the container
you saw that we had to pass an object where the title was the value and title being the actual thing
that it's expecting.
It's the exact same way.
Item is the key right.
But then item is also the object that we're passing through.
So now if we save and we leverage this new collection item container where we're using it
inside of that collection preview component we'll actually hopefully see everything work now.
So default ask collection item and container and now if we go back to our app if we add items to our
cart we see that we have our functionality in the.
So this is really awesome because now we've pretty much got our cart working.
The only last thing that we have to focus on before we actually add and remove and are clear is how
this number is going to get stuck.
So let me show you that as well.
Inside of the next lesson.